echo 1
python /home/mcb/malsha17/EvoByCompSel/parallel/Release-03/src/simulation/v4/execution_stats/simulators/simulator_execstats_mpl.py /home/mcb/malsha17/params/ER_Vinayagam/ER_Vinayagam_rupert_ER_Vinayagam_v4nb_alpha0.2_minknap_execstats_4X_both_reverse.params
echo 2
python /home/mcb/malsha17/EvoByCompSel/parallel/Release-03/src/simulation/v4/execution_stats/simulators/simulator_execstats_mpl.py /home/mcb/malsha17/params/ER_Vinayagam/ER_Vinayagam_rupert_ER_Vinayagam_v4nu_alpha0.2_minknap_execstats_4X_both_reverse.params
echo 3
python /home/mcb/malsha17/EvoByCompSel/parallel/Release-03/src/simulation/v4/execution_stats/simulators/simulator_execstats_mpl.py /home/mcb/malsha17/params/ER_Vinayagam/ER_Vinayagam_rupert_ER_Vinayagam_v4eb_alpha0.2_minknap_execstats_4X_both_reverse.params
echo 4
python /home/mcb/malsha17/EvoByCompSel/parallel/Release-03/src/simulation/v4/execution_stats/simulators/simulator_execstats_mpl.py /home/mcb/malsha17/params/ER_Vinayagam/ER_Vinayagam_rupert_ER_Vinayagam_v4eu_alpha0.2_minknap_execstats_4X_both_reverse.params
echo 5
python /home/mcb/malsha17/EvoByCompSel/parallel/Release-03/src/simulation/v4/execution_stats/simulators/simulator_execstats_mpl.py /home/mcb/malsha17/params/ER_Vinayagam/ER_Vinayagam_rupert_ER_Vinayagam_v4nb_alpha0.2_minknap_execstats_4X_source_reverse.params
echo 6
python /home/mcb/malsha17/EvoByCompSel/parallel/Release-03/src/simulation/v4/execution_stats/simulators/simulator_execstats_mpl.py /home/mcb/malsha17/params/ER_Vinayagam/ER_Vinayagam_rupert_ER_Vinayagam_v4nu_alpha0.2_minknap_execstats_4X_source_reverse.params
echo 7
python /home/mcb/malsha17/EvoByCompSel/parallel/Release-03/src/simulation/v4/execution_stats/simulators/simulator_execstats_mpl.py /home/mcb/malsha17/params/ER_Vinayagam/ER_Vinayagam_rupert_ER_Vinayagam_v4eb_alpha0.2_minknap_execstats_4X_source_reverse.params
echo 8
python /home/mcb/malsha17/EvoByCompSel/parallel/Release-03/src/simulation/v4/execution_stats/simulators/simulator_execstats_mpl.py /home/mcb/malsha17/params/ER_Vinayagam/ER_Vinayagam_rupert_ER_Vinayagam_v4eu_alpha0.2_minknap_execstats_4X_source_reverse.params
echo 9
python /home/mcb/malsha17/EvoByCompSel/parallel/Release-03/src/simulation/v4/execution_stats/simulators/simulator_execstats_mpl.py /home/mcb/malsha17/params/ER_Vinayagam/ER_Vinayagam_rupert_ER_Vinayagam_v4nb_alpha0.2_minknap_execstats_4X_target_reverse.params
echo 10
python /home/mcb/malsha17/EvoByCompSel/parallel/Release-03/src/simulation/v4/execution_stats/simulators/simulator_execstats_mpl.py /home/mcb/malsha17/params/ER_Vinayagam/ER_Vinayagam_rupert_ER_Vinayagam_v4nu_alpha0.2_minknap_execstats_4X_target_reverse.params
echo 11
python /home/mcb/malsha17/EvoByCompSel/parallel/Release-03/src/simulation/v4/execution_stats/simulators/simulator_execstats_mpl.py /home/mcb/malsha17/params/ER_Vinayagam/ER_Vinayagam_rupert_ER_Vinayagam_v4eb_alpha0.2_minknap_execstats_4X_target_reverse.params
echo 12
python /home/mcb/malsha17/EvoByCompSel/parallel/Release-03/src/simulation/v4/execution_stats/simulators/simulator_execstats_mpl.py /home/mcb/malsha17/params/ER_Vinayagam/ER_Vinayagam_rupert_ER_Vinayagam_v4eu_alpha0.2_minknap_execstats_4X_target_reverse.params
echo 13
python /home/mcb/malsha17/EvoByCompSel/parallel/Release-03/src/simulation/v4/execution_stats/simulators/simulator_execstats_mpl.py /home/mcb/malsha17/params/ER_Vinayagam/ER_Vinayagam_rupert_ER_Vinayagam_v4nb_alpha0.2_minknap_execstats_4X_both_scramble.params
echo 14
python /home/mcb/malsha17/EvoByCompSel/parallel/Release-03/src/simulation/v4/execution_stats/simulators/simulator_execstats_mpl.py /home/mcb/malsha17/params/ER_Vinayagam/ER_Vinayagam_rupert_ER_Vinayagam_v4nu_alpha0.2_minknap_execstats_4X_both_scramble.params
echo 15
python /home/mcb/malsha17/EvoByCompSel/parallel/Release-03/src/simulation/v4/execution_stats/simulators/simulator_execstats_mpl.py /home/mcb/malsha17/params/ER_Vinayagam/ER_Vinayagam_rupert_ER_Vinayagam_v4eb_alpha0.2_minknap_execstats_4X_both_scramble.params
echo 16
python /home/mcb/malsha17/EvoByCompSel/parallel/Release-03/src/simulation/v4/execution_stats/simulators/simulator_execstats_mpl.py /home/mcb/malsha17/params/ER_Vinayagam/ER_Vinayagam_rupert_ER_Vinayagam_v4eu_alpha0.2_minknap_execstats_4X_both_scramble.params
echo 17
python /home/mcb/malsha17/EvoByCompSel/parallel/Release-03/src/simulation/v4/execution_stats/simulators/simulator_execstats_mpl.py /home/mcb/malsha17/params/ER_Vinayagam/ER_Vinayagam_rupert_ER_Vinayagam_v4nb_alpha0.2_minknap_execstats_4X_source_scramble.params
echo 18
python /home/mcb/malsha17/EvoByCompSel/parallel/Release-03/src/simulation/v4/execution_stats/simulators/simulator_execstats_mpl.py /home/mcb/malsha17/params/ER_Vinayagam/ER_Vinayagam_rupert_ER_Vinayagam_v4nu_alpha0.2_minknap_execstats_4X_source_scramble.params
echo 19
python /home/mcb/malsha17/EvoByCompSel/parallel/Release-03/src/simulation/v4/execution_stats/simulators/simulator_execstats_mpl.py /home/mcb/malsha17/params/ER_Vinayagam/ER_Vinayagam_rupert_ER_Vinayagam_v4eb_alpha0.2_minknap_execstats_4X_source_scramble.params
echo 20
python /home/mcb/malsha17/EvoByCompSel/parallel/Release-03/src/simulation/v4/execution_stats/simulators/simulator_execstats_mpl.py /home/mcb/malsha17/params/ER_Vinayagam/ER_Vinayagam_rupert_ER_Vinayagam_v4eu_alpha0.2_minknap_execstats_4X_source_scramble.params
echo 21
python /home/mcb/malsha17/EvoByCompSel/parallel/Release-03/src/simulation/v4/execution_stats/simulators/simulator_execstats_mpl.py /home/mcb/malsha17/params/ER_Vinayagam/ER_Vinayagam_rupert_ER_Vinayagam_v4nb_alpha0.2_minknap_execstats_4X_target_scramble.params
echo 22
python /home/mcb/malsha17/EvoByCompSel/parallel/Release-03/src/simulation/v4/execution_stats/simulators/simulator_execstats_mpl.py /home/mcb/malsha17/params/ER_Vinayagam/ER_Vinayagam_rupert_ER_Vinayagam_v4nu_alpha0.2_minknap_execstats_4X_target_scramble.params
echo 23
python /home/mcb/malsha17/EvoByCompSel/parallel/Release-03/src/simulation/v4/execution_stats/simulators/simulator_execstats_mpl.py /home/mcb/malsha17/params/ER_Vinayagam/ER_Vinayagam_rupert_ER_Vinayagam_v4eb_alpha0.2_minknap_execstats_4X_target_scramble.params
echo 24
python /home/mcb/malsha17/EvoByCompSel/parallel/Release-03/src/simulation/v4/execution_stats/simulators/simulator_execstats_mpl.py /home/mcb/malsha17/params/ER_Vinayagam/ER_Vinayagam_rupert_ER_Vinayagam_v4eu_alpha0.2_minknap_execstats_4X_target_scramble.params